[FIRRTL] Add a bitcast operation to FIRRTL dialect (#1905)
llvm/circt: docs/RationaleFIRRTL.md

- [`llvm/circt#989`](https://github.com/llvm/circt/issues/989)
- [`llvm/circt#992`](https://github.com/llvm/circt/pull/992)

### `firrtl.bitcast`
The bitcast operation represents a bitwise reinerpretation (cast) of a value. 
This always synthesizes away in hardware, and is lowered to 

> [`hw.bitcast` ](https://github.com/prithayan/circt/blob/firrtlBitCastOp/docs/RationaleComb.md#bitcasts)

Reviewer: Please drop `https://github.com/prithayan/circt/blob/firrtlBitCastOp/docs/` from the link

Author: Updated the doc.

- [`llvm/circt#989`](https://github.com/llvm/circt/issues/989)
- [`llvm/circt#992`](https://github.com/llvm/circt/pull/992)

### `firrtl.bitcast`
The bitcast operation represents a bitwise reinterpretation (cast) of a value. 

> It can be used to cast a vector or bundle type to an int type or vice-versa.

Reviewer 2: what about vector to/from bundle?  does it have to go through an int?

> The bitcast operation represents a bitwise reinerpretation (cast) of a value. 
> It can be used to cast a vector or bundle type to an int type or vice-versa.
> The bitwidth of input and result type must be known.
> For an aggregate type bitwidth of every field must be known.
> This always synthesizes away in hardware, and follows the same endainness 
> policy as `hw.bitcast`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The bitcast operation represents a bitwise reinterpretation (cast) of a value. 
It can be used to cast a vector or bundle type to an int type or vice-versa.
The bit width of input and result types must be known.
For an aggregate type, the bit width of every field must be known.
This always synthesizes away in hardware, and follows the same endianness 
policy as `hw.bitcast`.
```

Just a few spelling and grammar changes.

- [`llvm/circt#989`](https://github.com/llvm/circt/issues/989)
- [`llvm/circt#992`](https://github.com/llvm/circt/pull/992)

### `firrtl.bitcast`
The bitcast operation represents a bitwise reinerpretation (cast) of a value. 
It can be used to cast a vector or bundle type to an int type or vice-versa.
The bitwidth of input and result type must be known and non-zero. It cannot

> be used for clock types or reset types 

Reviewer: > It cannot be used for clock types or reset types 

Why not?  That seems like an arbitrary limitation, why not allow it?

Author: Added clock and reset types.
